1. Which of the four transforms suggested got you the closest to satisfying the assumptions of a T-test?

The 'np.sqrt' transformation is the closest satisfying the assumptions of a T-test. The data is right-skewed, when I taking 'counts**2', the p-values of normaltest and p-value of levene are all smaller than 0.05 which means it fails the assumptions of T-test. When I taking 'np.exp', the result are INF, so we also cannot use this one. Taking 'np.log' and 'np.sqrt' are both same(fail one normaltest) for the assumption of normaltest, but the p-value of levene of taking 'np.log' is smaller than 0.05 which means it fails the equality of variances. When I taking 'np.sqrt', the p-value of levene is larger than 0.05, so it doesn't fail the equality of variances. Thus, 'np.sqrt' is better for T-test.



2. I gave imprecise English translations of what the by-week test, and the Mann-Whitney test were actually testing. Do the same for the original T-test, and for the transformed data T-test. That is, describe what the conclusion would be if you could reject the null hypothesis in those tests.

Original T-test: 
Do the mean number of comments on weekend and weekday (in /r/canada and in 2012, 2013) differ? 
If we can reject the null hypothesis, then we can conclude that the mean number of comments on weekends and weekdays (in /r/canada and in 2012, 2013) is different.

Transformed data T-test: 
Do the square roots of the mean number of comments on weekends and weekdays (in /r/canada in 2012 and 2013) differ?
If we can reject the null hypothesis, then we can conclude that the square roots of the mean number of comments on weekends and weekdays  (in /r/canada in 2012 and 2013) is differ.



3. Of the four approaches, which do you think actually does a better job of getting an answer for the original question: “are there a different number of Reddit comments posted on weekdays than on weekends?” Briefly explain why. (It's not clear to me that there is a single correct answer to this question.)

I think Central Limit Theorem does a better job of getting an answer for the original question. Since after applying the Central Limit Theorem, 'groupby(['year','week']) and taking the mean value of 'comment_counts', the normal test and equality of variances test satisfy the requiements of T-test which means it can make the p-value of the result more convincing.



4. When are more Reddit comments posted in /r/canada, on average weekdays or weekends? 

More Reddit comments posted in /r/canada on average weekdays according to p-values and the histogram I get.
